= Freelancer API
by Trond Arve Nordheim -
{Binary Marbles}[http://www.binarymarbles.com/]

== NOTICE

This is a project under heavy development. The API is far from stable yet, and
the code is very unclean in some places. The API won't be considered stable
until all the full Freelancer.com API is implemented and have tests verifying
that they work like they should.

== Description

A Ruby gem for working with the new Freelancer.com API.

== Features

* oAuth authentication.
* Support for all Freelancer.com APIs.
* Per-environment configuration and sandboxing.

== Issues and missing features

* The Profile API is missing support for SetProfileInfo.
* The Employer API is missing support for PostNewProject, PostNewTrialProject, PostNewDraftProject, ChooseWinnerForProject, InviteUserForProject, UpdateProjectDetails, PublishDraftProject, UpgradeTrialProject and DeleteDraftProject.
* The Freelancer API is missing support for PlaceBidOnProject, RetractBidFromProject and AcceptBidWon.
* The Common API is missing support for RequestCancelProject, PostFeedback, PostReplyForFeedback and RequestWithdrawFeedback.
* The Payment API is missing support for RequestWithdrawal, CreateMilestonePayment, TransferMoney, RequestCancelWithdrawal, CancelMilestone, RequestReleaseMilestone, ReleaseMilestone and PrepareTransfer.
* The Project API is missing support for PostPublicMessage.
* The Message API is missing support for SendMessage and MarkMessageAsRead.

== Usage

Examples have not been written yet.

== Requirements

* {oauth}[http://rubygems.org/gems/oauth]
* {json}[http://rubygems.org/gems/json]
* {htmlentities}[http://rubygems.org/gems/htmlentities]

== Installation

 $ gem install freelancer

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull).
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== License

Copyright (c) 2010 Trond Arve Nordheim. See LICENSE for details.
